Okta-456278: Update Sign in with password and email guide (#3750)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-sign-in-pwd-email/main/go/integrationsteps.md

### 1: Your app displays the sign-in page

> When the user navigates to the sing-in page and the application loads for the first time, create a new SDK `Client` object by calling `NewClient()`.

Author: Well, a sing-in page would be more fun :-)  Fixed

}
```

Display a sign-in page that captures the username and password.

<div class="half border">

![A sign-in page with username and password fields and a Sign in button](/img/oie-embedded-sdk/wireframes/pwd-optional-sign-up-link-sign-in-page-g1r7.png)

</div>

> During page load, call `Client.InitLogin()`. This returns an object of type `LoginResponse` that is used to initiate the sign-in process with Okta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During page load, call `Client.InitLogin()`. This method returns an object of type `LoginResponse` used to initiate the sign-in process with Okta.
```

Author: Why add the word "method" back in? We prefer to remove it if at all possible.

```go
lr, err := s.idxClient.InitLogin(context.TODO())
if err != nil {
   log.Fatalf("Could not initalize login: %s", err.Error())
}
```

### 2: The user submits their username and password

When the user submits their username and password, create an `IdentifyRequest` object and assign its `identifier` and `password` properties to the values entered by the user. Pass this object as a parameter to `LoginResponse.Identify()`.

```go
ir := &idx.IdentifyRequest{
   Identifier: r.FormValue("identifier"),
   Credentials: idx.Credentials{
      Password: r.FormValue("password"),
   },
}

lr, err = lr.Identify(context.TODO(), ir)
if err != nil {
   session.Values["Errors"] = err.Error()
   session.Save(r, w)
   http.Redirect(w, r, "/login", http.StatusFound)
   return
}
```

### 3: Your app displays a list of authenticators

> `Identify()` returns `error` and `LoginResponse` objects. The `error` object contains any errors thrown in the user sign-in. The `LoginResponse`'s `Token` property contains any ID and access tokens returned by the server if the user has logged in successfully. If the `error` object is `nil` and the `LoginResponse.Token()` returns `nil`, the user needs to confirm their identity with additional factors.

Author: fixed

if lr.Token() != nil {
 //Login completion code
}
```

Display a list of all of the authenticators that the user has enrolled and are ready for use. For example:

<div class="half border">

> ![A Choose Your Authenticator page with the choices of email and phone, and a Next button](/img/oie-embedded-sdk/wireframes/choose-authenticator-email-phone-form-g2r28.png)

Reviewer: Use a wireframe that only shows the Email authenticator.

Author: Why? We have not configured the Org to include only the email authenticator so this uses the same "Choose your authenticator form as all the other variants of this guide.

Reviewer: The reason why I said this was because the configuration section instructs them to add the email authenticator and no other authenticator. But then we show them a list of other authenticators which is misleading.

}
```

Use the other [LoginStep](https://github.com/okta/okta-idx-golang/blob/master/identify.go#L692)s to populate the rest of the list.

### 4: The user submits the email authenticator

> When the user submits the email authenticator, call `LoginResponse.VerifyEmail()`. Identity Engine sends a verification email to the user if the call is succcessful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the user submits the email authenticator, call `LoginResponse.VerifyEmail()`. Identity Engine sends a verification email to the user if the call is succcessfull.
```

Author: Not changing. Successful is spelt with only one l. Even in American English.

```

Display a page for the user to submit the verification code from their email.

<div class="half border">

![A form to enter an email verification code, and a Submit button](/img/oie-embedded-sdk/wireframes/enter-verification-code-form-g2r5.png)

</div>

### 5: The user submits the email verification code

> When the user checks their email for the code and submits it, pass it as a parameter to `LoginResponse.ConfirmEmail()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the user checks their email for the code and submits it, pass it as a parameter to `LoginResponse.ConfirmEmail`.
```

Author: fixed

```

### 6: Your app handles an authentication success response

> If the request to verify the code is successful, `LoginResponse.Token()` now returns the required tokens (access, refresh, ID) for authenticated user activity. Store the tokens in session for later use and then redirect the user to the default signed-in home page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the request to verify the code is successful, `LoginResponse.Token` now returns the required tokens (access, refresh, ID) for the authenticated user activity. Store the tokens in session for later use and then redirect the user to the default signed-in home page.
```

Author: fixed

}
```

> > **Note**:  You can request basic user information from Okta's OpenID Connect authorization server once a user has signed in successfully. See [Get the user profile information](https://developer.okta.com/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-basic-sign-in/go/main/#get-the-user-profile-information).

Author: fixed
